The #futureoflinguistics is integrative, computationally-aided, impactful in the world.
Here's the paper that people who read it will find out about how resumptive pronouns help islands go down a little easier.
True narcissism is just telling everyone your ideolect is a language.
Is that what you call WH-movement?
It isn't that there aren't enough workers, there just aren't enough workers at the wage firms want to pay.
Language ideology is a hell of a drug!
Anybody want some rhoticity chicken?
I think seeing Everybody's pooing face would be very interesting
Is that all you got winter?
Have a happier new year
Delta has banned the Navy Seal who killed Osama bin Laden for refusing to wear a mask
Why is there a word for everything?
the arrival recently of the new year
Now outside in zero degree weather, snow-blowing my sister a parking space for lunch.
Why do they call it "needs to be proofread by a native speaker" and not "requires L1 regularization"?
If your usage argument is well-reasoned, motivated by real-world consequences, and based on evidence, it's not pedantry!
You may have heard that learning another language makes you smarter.
Japanese farmers who use their rice paddies to create artistic murals
Woman Ruled Dead in 2017 Fights to be Declared Alive
A language is a dialect with a Duolingo course.
So that's what I'm particularly interested in seeing if is true.
This has been arts and crafts hour with a syntactician.
Getting a PhD has long been an aspiration of mine.
How well does the minimalist grammar formalism match up with everyday minimalist syntax?
This must now be a moment to think again about the country that we want to be.
Many more people should take linguistics courses.
All my tree diagrams include descriptions.
all your base are belong to us
One can never tell when or even whether Alan was wholly serious.
The preface was written by Sue.
Many a horse raced past the barn doth.
Kinda want to take my huge IKEA plastic storage box lid out and go sledding.
I didn't realize how much hungrier than I thought I was I am.
even happier than a pig in shit
Help me prepare lunch
I bet this tweet would have been more popular if I had twitten it 11 months later.
My favorite playwright is Lorraine Hansberry who I am writing a book about that will be released this spring.
We must open the doors and we must see to it they remain open so that others can pass through.
What a remarkable claim to make!
should probably read books more and Twitter less
Updating an app for my 6 year old and he asked if it had finished the updation.
Go hang a salami, I'm a lasagna hog.
It's alright to say they're white.
May you have a happier new year!
It blows my mind that there is someone who is both old enough to have sequence of tense in quoted speech and young enough to have been in middle school at a time when Wikipedia existed.
Every New Yorker will receive and be prohibited from giving away a horse.
Was discovering that I could use it to easily produce a plot of my own vowel space what finally convinced me to figure out R?
I dreamt I was Beyoncé and I kissed me.
I'm legit writing it right now
I feel good about that when we cook it tastes good
So I just got the first dose of the Moderna vaccine and now I guess I'm post-Moderna
A third wave is preventable—it is totally preventable—the question really is, will we do what it takes to prevent it?
Studio decides this is no time for No Time to Die to die
I just need to find 11,780 votes.
I'm muting and uncameraing myself and you all make a tree while I do emoji reacts like a syntax ghost.
It's giving a pot of money that is looking for somewhere to go, something to do.
The discourse on pronouns is especially wild here considering that literally none of these are pronouns.
the artist formerly known as LUCA
I mean yeah OK a clitic isn't really a word but "clitic" is a word.
That is such a perfect example of the kind of nonsense that childhood consists of being forced to pretend is reasonable.
An abstract syntax tree is abstract because it is a mathematical object that has certain structure by its very nature.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.
Evidence for convergent structural organization in parrot song and human speech
We're all friends on this journey against linguistic discrimination.
As one of the many women in STEM Steve Pinker has blocked, I don't know what this tweet is saying.
